Re-add Cook municipality to vw_pin_universe pipeline (#863)
ccao-data/data-architecture: dbt/seeds/location/docs.md

# municipality_crosswalk

{% docs seed_municipality_crosswalk %}

> A list of municipalities with discrepencies between
> cook_municipality_name and tax_municipality_name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of semantic discrepancies between `cook_municipality_name` and `tax_municipality_name`
```
